everyone needs everyone
the thing that I use and
we got girl cheese's
and coffee it was so fun mulatto you
guys probably know who it is but if you
don't you're not famous yes your honor
they famous I mean he helps out with the
garyvee show but also your transition
it's like a new role which I do do do
you want to announce it to the world
India
okay but you'll still be on the show
that's good like you and Gary still
tight we're still dying so guys what do
you do Britney I help with content and
pretty much everything else distribution
for India and I are constantly wearing
the same outfit what look at this blue
this
music we text each other every morning I
am leaving for London tomorrow my
apartment is still a frickin wreck and
it is stressing me out to this time to
clean honestly the cleaning and
organizing that I have to do is just
such a massive task probably not I don't
know if I'm gonna get about done tonight
or if I'm just not gonna sleep I have a
terrible habit of before I go on big
trips or something to just not sleep
going to London is freaking exciting but
it also makes me like not want to sleep
excited so who knows maybe I can get all
this done tonight just trade it for
sleep well this is a funky lighting got
it going on here
hopefully Stannah how will my desk setup
and decoration in order so you know like
every angle of my apartment will look
good on camera um right now it's not
really not really look I'm so good it's
always so great hanging with India and
oh so cool hanging out with Britni all
of the people at vaynermedia are just
such awesome hard-working people and it
really speaks to you know the the person
who runs their operation the the Gary
Vaynerchuk if you know who Gary is a
link him down in the description below
he's he's a amazing dude who runs
vaynermedia was just like a 600 person
digital agency and he's someone who I
really looked up to just in the business
and entrepreneurial sense and he has a
lot a ton of resources on his YouTube
channel he does like a daily vlog he
does a show he does all the things but
yeah gone to London tomorrow don't have
anything packed and apartments still
mess but you know what goods is put one
foot in front of the other that's what
I'm gonna do it's also my birthday
tomorrow so y'all are watching this vlog
on my birthday I'm turning 22 which is
pretty exciting yeah so I'll be on a
plane to London for my birthday which
I'm actually I actually love I'm not the
type of person for like big events or
parties where like I'm the center of it
just never been really my thing
that's not to say like oh you're so
humble I film myself every single day
and post it online expect people to
watch it it's just a different kind of
attention so being on a plane going to
London that's exciting to me it's a good
way to spend a birthday stoked for
London with that said I am going to be
on a plane for several hours it won't
make for a very entertaining vlog so
tomorrow's video I'm excited about cuz
it's another that creative life episode
with a really cool designer guy his name
is Mike Montero we we talk about the
things it gets real and raw so I'm
really looking forward to posting that
and then next up will be the London
blogs which are gonna be fresh are you
guys excited for I'm pretty excited
about it next time you see me I'll be 22
a year older hopefully more wise so yeah
a fam a lot of cool stuff coming your
way get prepared because creative spaces
TV it's just around the corner - make
sure to check out the trailer if you
have not yet so until next time stay
peachy I will see you in London okay
Mike
take you down take your heart